tctl: Consistent coloring [p1] (#32)
temporalio/proposals: cli/007-cli-color.md

- Start Date: 2021-06-11
- RFC PR:
- Issue:

### Better coloring

Good usage of coloring can help users to read the output and direct attention to the most interesting parts.

- Standartize the colors used in printing
- Work through commands and improve the coloring

> - add a flag `--no-color` to disable coloring alltogether

Reviewer: We could have `--color/--no-color` with color being the default for TTY and no color for non-TTY output.
You can override the default via the proposed configuration mechanism.

Author: yea better control over enabling and disabling coloring in tty/non-tty makes sense
 
i've noticed other modern CLIs achieve this by providing the following single flag with values:

- nushell's `ls --help` gives the following:
      -c, --color <when>                 When to use colors: never, *auto*, always

- same with `bat --help`:
            --color <when>                When to use colors (*auto*, never, always).
            
this kinda makes sense since this is just one flag (doesn't pollute help with many flags) and allows to switch between three modes: auto that checks for tty, always or never coloring

Reviewer: Yeah, that's a really good suggestion, it's been standard in unix CLI tools for a while now, `grep` is another example.

Author: ```suggestion
- add a flag `--color` that takes the following values: `auto` (enable in tty/ disable in non-tty), `always`, `disabled` 
```
